My name is Steve.
I am the frontend architect
at a company called Temporal.
Temporal does workflows as code, taking
anything from long running processes and
kind of making sure that they will
actually run to completion as well as
abstracting over some of the parts about
distributed systems and make them hard.
So the idea that any given part can fail,
and
you're able to basically abstract all
that away and build applications.
Just thinking about the business logic
itself, and we'll take care of retries and
queuing, and you can have effectively
a serverless function and
still call sleep 30 days on it, or have
it like recur and surf along those lines.
So it's at temporal.io,
you should totally check it out.
But at Cypress IO,
is a tool called Cypress.
And the kinda high level of what Cypress
is, is it's either end to end or
integration testing tool for
testing web application.
And I'm choosing the word web
application very purposely, right?
You can kinda see that
subheading there of fast, easy,
reliable testing for
anything that runs in the browser, right?
And so yes, that means react
applications or angular applications or
a jQuery application or even just a Ruby
on Rails server generate, like anything
that appears in the browser, you're
able to kind of write tests around it.
And the way that it does
this is both elegant and so
far that didn't exist for
the large majority of my career.
And also the straightforward way that you
would think that it should do that, which
is it drives a browser using JavaScript,
the language that runs in the browser
to kind of emulate what you might do
manually to make sure things work, right?
One of my not jokes is that you
always are testing your application.
It's whether or
not you're doing it by hand or
if you have an automated
way to go about doing that.
So yeah,
there have been other tools in the past,
most popular were different obstructions
around selenium which weren't good.
So this kind of gives you
the native power of JavaScript and
the browser to test things in the browser.
And we'll obviously, spend the next
several hours kinda getting into
all the details of how it works and
kicking the tires on it.
But you can kind of gain a lot
from this screenshot right here,
which is you've got your
application in an iframe, and
it's basically able to kind of take
a version of several different browsers,
kind of in there, kind of headless mode,
to kinda like drive them.
And just basically go
through a set of commands and
basically exercise that application,
right?
And the really cool part about this is,
if you're in the middle of a refactor from
backbone and Marionette into React, right?
You can theoretically, it doesn't matter.
It's not like I need to mount this
component in a certain way, or
anything along those lines, even if your
code is really hard to unit test because
somebody who's definitely not you wrote it
in a way that makes it untestable, right?
This is a way that, okay, but
when I go to the page, I should see this,
I should click here.
As I'm doing a large refactor, you can
have that confidence that you haven't
broken some other far part of
the application unintentionally, right?
Cuz anytime a code base gets
significantly large, yeah,
that thing you're staring at, you probably
are focused on enough to make sure you're
gonna ship the feature
you're sinking to ship.
But sometimes what happens is
you implement one thing and
something else pops off on the other
end of the code base somewhere else,
you don't see it and
now you have a bug, right?
So having the ability to automate
this in a way that is quick and
easy is incredibly important, right?
The quick and
easy part is super important as well.
Because if this stuff isn't easy,
you're not going to do it, right?.
See also any project that has run
any of the selenium based tools,
which is a lot of times they
sometimes just, randomly don't work.
They run slowly, they are a lot of times
in a programming language that someone
working on the web is not using, right?
And so
there's a lot of issues around that,
what happens a lot of times when there's
a deadline, they tend to get messed.
Cypress is so easy to use that it becomes
compelling to be like, all right,
I'm gonna work on this thing, I can write
the test first, it doesn't take me that
long, I can validate that it passes and
move on to the next thing.
So we're gonna start basically from
the ground up and kinda go through all of
the core concepts as we start to
learn them pretty much in isolation.
And then kind of snap them
together into a few more
sophisticated patterns over
the course of our time together.
With that, let's go through a tour of
just some of the materials that we're
gonna have on hand.
So we can kind of get
comfortable with those as well.
So we've got most of the action
is happening in this
repository called Cypress examples.
And everything I'm gonna talk about
is in this directory called Lessons,
and you can kinda see the order of
operations over the course of the day.
And there's also a folder which
Cyprus generated called Cyprus,
which is where a lot of either where
I'm gonna be doing a live coding or
the exercises are, so
it's in Cyprus and in Integration.
And there's a lot of either the kind
of basis for where either I or
you will start writing some code, as well
as a reference implementation to kind
of compare and
contrast against as we go through.
So one of the things to definitely do as
we kind of get started is to kinda just go
through some of the initial
getting set up pieces.
There's nothing particularly
out of the ordinary.
We do for one example have a small SQL
light database, so I would definitely
recommend kind of just going through that
step, kind of as we're getting started,
that way if anyone has any problems,
we can go and triage it during a break.
But beyond that it is an npm install and
npm start,
we'll kinda get through how to
actually run the Cypress tests.
But on one hand, it is great that
we have a repo kind of set up and
ready to go with a bunch of test
boilerplate and templates in place for us.
On the other hand that does rob us of
the opportunity to kind of see what
the initial installation experience
of setting up cypress looks like.
So we also have a second repo and
honestly you can clone it down and use it.
You could also just use Create React app,
or just grab an application.
The app itself is not the important part,
the important part is is an application
that presently does not have Cypress.
It's like in package.json, but it has
not been set up for the first time, so
it's more about just not the other repo
where all that stuff is ready to go.
But one that is simply, like if we were
just spin up this app it's just like
a sentence vertically and horizontally
center that says this is the world's
simplest application or
something along those lines.
What is actually happening there is
not important, it is more that this
is a repo that presently at this
moment does not have Cypress setup.
So, if you wanna use this one,
you're welcome to use it.
If you have one in mind
that you would like to use,
that is also fine as well,
you can go ahead and do that.